Masha, tell me the truth! Have you been told today, that you look amazing!
Yes, Yura. I’ve been told, and it was you! In fact, it’s a very simple, neat look.
You can go this way in the park, do the groceries and even in a date!
And my favorite leather jacket that perfectly fits with this look, as usual.
And the brightest point of this look will be the lashes.
Again?!
Yes, I will use the same mascara, but in a very special way!
Which way?
I will apply it in several layers with different moves, in order to create mega volume, super structured lashes.
What it is going to be?
This is going to be a bright spot in your look. All the rest makeup will be super natural.
And by the way if you make your lashes so mega volumed and bright, apply mascara in the first place.
Why, because you blink and smudge?
Of course, this way you’ll do your makeup much faster.
We’ll start as you’ve already understood from Colossal Go Extreme Leather Black.
OK
First, we apply mascara in one layer as usual. Wait a bit until it dries.
How long is a bit?
While you work on your first eye, another is getting dry. Look up.
Now we apply a second layer of the mascara. Especially apply carefully on the root area.
After that you have an impression that your eyes were underlined with a pencil.
Third layer has to be applied in the most unusual way. And this is the main point in this makeup.
Unusual way?
We’ll apply it not with the brush itself as always, but with the tip of the brush.
Isn’t this dangerous?
This is not dangerous. So this way we work with every beam of lashes, making them super volume and mega structured.
I’m ready.
Look down.
Now we’ll do absolutely natural nude makeup.
Instead of applying a foundation, we’ll use BB cream and apply it transparently with a brush.
In this makeup we don’t need very graphic brows, they should look very natural.
That is why I use medium brown shade of Brow Drama, this is a brow mascara.
I know.
Now I can say that this is a real street chic. Look.
Wow, my eyes!
This is cool and trendy!
This is very trendy!
Don’t forget to use every day Lipbalm Baby Lips.
Oh I like it so much, it smells so good!
I think I’ve seen eyes like this in a New York Fashion Week.
You know, every year these eyes appear somewhere. This becomes a constant trend and it is really very up to date.
Most important, that this eye makeup will never make woman look old.
Really? Awesome!